Wha?!
It'’’s Duel Academy!
Oh!
(Yuya)
Oh, man...
I feel so bad...
I wish I could go back
and change everything,
fix it so this never happened...
but I can'’’t.
All this destruction...
all this devastation...
It'’’s all my fault...
Yuya!
Sora?
Hurry!
This way!
Uh...
Uh, well,
hello to you too.
So like, what'’’s the big rush?
You gotta help Shay!
C'mon!
Open up!
Easy, Shay...
You'll hurt yourself.
So what?
All that matters is my sister!
Open up, Leo!
And I mean now!
♪♪♪
♪♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action ♪
♪♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Let me in, Leo!
I know you'’’re worried
about your sister,
but I'm more worried
about your knuckles
if you keep pounding
like that.
You can't get in
the Professor's lab
without using
that hand scanner.
Last I heard, Shay was looking
for his sister Lulu.
Yeah, that'’’s right...
And he thinks
the Professor's the only one
who can help him
find her.
Then buzz me
in Alexis!
Don'’’t make me
ask twice!
(Yuya)
Shay!
Yuya!
Listen, Shay...
Your sister'’’s not
the only one who'’’s missing.
What?
Yeah, that'’’s right.
Zuzu's missing, too.
How can that be?
I know how you feel.
My brain was
scrambled as well.
It all goes back to the
Professor'’’s daughter Ray.
When she sacrificed herself
to defeat Z‐ARC,
the universe was split
into four separate dimensions.
And so was Ray.
Into Zuzu, Rin, Celina,
and your sister Lulu.
You'’’re saying Lulu
was some sort of clone?
Then how come I remember
teaching her how to duel?
Taking her to her
first tournament?
You'’’re trying to tell me that
everything I remember is a lie?
Well, maybe.
I'’’m not exactly sure
I get it myself.
All I know is that I have
memories of Zuzu,
and the bruises
to prove it.
This may sound crazy,
but hear me out.
Maybe when Ray was
split apart into four,
the four girls reverted...
to babies.
Because I think that'’’s what
happened to Riley.
I know it sounds ridiculous,
but it'’’s plausible, right?
Not at all.
Well, then you got a better
explanation smarty pants?
No, Yuya.
But the man with all the answers
is behind this door.
(sighs)
We'’’re getting nowhere.
Just let him in.
If you say so.
But Shay,
you've got to remember
that we were only
trying to protect you.
(scanner trills)
I know you have a lot
of questions,
but you might
not like the answers.
It'’’s the Professor.
(computer trills)
Ah!
I found her!
Is that Ray?
Perhaps...
But then again,
perhaps it is not.
I'’’m afraid nothing
is ever that simple.
Things have changed
this time around.
For you see...
Yuto, Yugo and Yuri
have not reappeared
in each dimension.
After Z‐ARC'’’s defeat,
only Yuya remains.
(gasps)
(Yuya)
Yuto...
Yugo...
Yuri...
The others are gone.
It's as if the universe has
decided that those three
individuals are
no longer needed,
erasing them from existence.
So that would mean Celina,
Lulu and Rin,
they've all been wiped off the
face of the universe as well,
so they'’’re gone?
That is precisely
what I believe.
If this girl is to revive,
as with Yuya,
only one will remain.
Zuzu Boyle.
That is so not cool.
You'’’re saying
my sister'’’s gone?
I don'’’t believe you!
Bring Lulu back!
Or you'll be sorry!
As I said before,
that isn'’’t up to me.
Even with all my technology,
the impossible
remains impossible.
Well, I don'’’t accept
that answer!
Come on!
Just save her!
Shay, no!
Listen, Shay...
I understand how you feel,
because I feel
the same way.
It'’’s true.
As much as you loved your
sister, I loved my daughter Ray.
But when she was taken from me,
separated into each dimension,
as much joy as it
brought everyone,
twice as much
heartache was brought to me.
And now knowing that Ray won't
be coming back this time,
it is not easy
to live with.
But live with it I must,
and so must you.
(growls)
You'’’re right...
It isn'’’t fair.
It doesn'’’t mean
I'’’m not furious though.
It'’’s all your fault.
None of this would have happened
if you didn'’’t turn into Z‐ARC.
Yuya...
Lulu and Yuto are no longer
here because of you.
Therefore...
I will now get my revenge!
Look, Shay‐‐
I haven't finished yet!
Yuya, you may
be my friend,
But with every bone in my body,
I wish I had never met you.
Oh, brother.
He should write
greeting cards for a living.
Shay'’’s just upset.
He doesn'’’t really mean it.
Well, at least
I hope he doesn'’’t.
'’’Cause if he does, Yuya could be
in a world of hurt.
When Shay'’’s on his game,
he'’’s unstoppable.
You ready?
If you'’’re looking for mercy,
mercy has left the building!
Fine then.
Let's go!
(electronic voice)
Generating Action
Field Crossover!
Let'’’s duel!
Let's duel!
I'm starting things off, Yuya!
Bring it!
First I summon forth...
Raidraptor Rudder Strix
from my hand!
And when Rudder Strix takes
to the skies,
you take 300 points
of damage right off the bat!
I'’’ll stop it with this!
You'’’re stopping nothing!
I activate...
my spell No Action,
so your Action Spell
is destroyed!
Ugh.
No wasting time
for these two!
No kidding.
They came ready to play!
I place this card facedown
and end my turn.
Then I'’’m up!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 3 Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Light Phoenix
and Scale 8 Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn!
I'’’m taking control of this
duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 4 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Work your wizardry
Xiangsheng Magician!
Turn up the heat Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roars)
Xiangsheng Magician,
time to take aim!
And fire your mystical bow
at Odd‐Eyes!
Syphon its strength so that your
attack points become the same!
Odd‐Eyes, attack Shay'’’s monster!
Bring this duel to a close
before it begins!
I activate the trap
Raidraptor Risky Flight!
Not only does it protect
my Rudder Strix
and cut the damage
I take in half,
but you can'’’t attack
for the rest of the turn!
And whenever you attack
my Rudder Strix,
I'’’m allowed to summon...
Two more Rudder Strix
to join up with my flock!
And then exactly like before
Yuya, you take 300 points
of damage for each one!
Oh!
Whoa!
Yuya didn't have a chance
to find an Action Card
to save him that time.
And boy did he pay
the price!
Since I'm not allowed to attack
for the rest of this turn,
it looks like Xiangsheng
Magician's power boost
is going to waste.
That'’’s it for me.
It'’’s my turn!
And I'll Overlay my three
Raidraptors in order to build
the Overlay Network...
From the shadows, the falcon
soars on wings of courage,
talons ready
for the rebellion!
I Xyz Summon...
Take flight!
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
(roars)
And this is just
the beginning!
By using one Overlay Unit, Rise
Falcon gains the attack points
of every monster
on your field!
And then, it'’’s allowed to attack
both of your monsters!
(roars)
Starting with Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(grunts)
One down,
Xiangsheng Magician to go!
I play the Action Spell Miracle!
Now Xiangsheng Magician
is safe!
And I only take
half the damage!
Don't think so,
because I just picked up
the Action Spell Encore,
letting me re‐play an Action
Card in my graveyard!
No Action!
(gasps)
You'’’re wise to run,
because now,
it looks like you'’’re
all out of miracles!
I think Encore deserves
an Encore!
Which I'’’ll use
to re‐play Miracle!
What?
So let'’’s hit the rewind button
on this duel.
Xiangsheng Magician
can'’’t be destroyed,
and all damage
is cut in half!
(grunts)
Action Cards are really
in play this duel...
And Yuya seems to be playing
them just a bit better.
You sure about that?
He'’’s the one that
just took damage.
(Sora)
I'’’d say Shay knows
what he'’’s doing.
If this is the best you can do,
it isn'’’t gonna be enough.
Shay'’’s totally crushing him
in the life point department.
Yuya has 1,200...
Yeah, and Shay has more
than double that!
(Shay)
I'’’ve got Yuya just
where I want him...
Here I go!
And first up, since I've already
got my Pendulum Scale prepped,
primed and ready to go,
my monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Bring balance to this battle,
Balance Magician!
And welcome back Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roars)
(Shay)
Two Level 4 monsters...
This is when he always plays
Yuto'’’s Dark Rebellion.
And now...
My Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
is gonna attack...
Take out
Raid Raptor‐Rise Falcon!
Go!
Spiral Flame Strike!
I activate the spell Rank‐Up‐
Magic Battle Up Force!
Now, since you attacked me,
I can Xyz Summon a monster
that's two Ranks higher
than my Rise Falcon!
Thanks for the assist!
Fiercest falcon, set your wings
ablaze and lock your gaze
on our ill‐fated foe!
Now, make it so!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Emerge, Raidraptor
Revolution Falcon!
(Shay)
Revolution Falcon's special
ability will automatically
destroy Yuya's Odd‐Eyes and deal
him damage equal to half
its attack points.
Which means this duel is mine...
And I get my revenge!
Revolution Falcon!
End this duel!
Not so fast, Shay!
Watch!
Balance Magician, bring some
balance to this battle!
Your monster
and one of my monsters
each lose 1,000
attack points!
(Shay)
Revolution Falcon, bombs away!
Odd‐Eyes is destroyed,
and you take damage
equal to half
its attack points.
Then I'’’m glad I lowered
But things are about
to get even better,
'cause when you destroy
Odd‐Eyes,
I can tribute two monsters to
summon an even greater dragon!
My Odd‐Eyes... evolves...
into...
Odd‐Eyes Lancer Dragon!
(roars)
Are all those blades
supposed to scare me?
Go ahead and attack.
My Falcon can use
its ability...
to lower Odd‐Eyes Lancer
Dragon's attack
and defense points to zero!
Oh, no, it can'’’t!
Because Lancer Dragon
has an ability of its own!
By sending one Odd‐Eyes
in my deck to the graveyard,
your Revolution Falcon can'’’t
use its special abilities!
(growls)
So now...
Odd‐Eyes Lancer Dragon...
Let'’’s do this!
Time to take names
and kick butt!
Go!
Attack Revolution Falcon!
I activate Evasion!
Sorry but I'’’m afraid
that'’’s a no can do!
My Lancer Dragon prevents you
from playing any spells!
That sure did a number
on Shay'’’s life points!
Uh‐huh, it'’’s anybody'’’s
game now, Sora.
(growling)
There'’’s no way you'’’re
gonna win this, Yuya!
You hear me?
I activate Rank‐Up‐Magic
Doom Double Force
to resurrect my
Revolution Falcon and use it
to Xyz Summon another Raidraptor
that'’’s twice its Rank!
They say that
it is the phoenix
that rises from the ashes
of defeat.
But they are wrong...
It is the Raptor!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Fly high, Raidraptor
Final Fortress Falcon!
Woulda been nice if he played
that monster against Z‐ARC.
Shay'’’s really angry,
but who can blame him.
He lost the two most important
people in his life.
That must'’’ve been so tough.
Well, it'’’ll be tough for Yuya
to get outta this mess.
I place this card facedown
and... end my turn!
Bring on the best
you got, Shay!
Oh, believe me.
You'll get got!
Raidraptor Final
Fortress Falcon
attack Lancer Dragon
and end this duel!
Bombardment Blast Barrage!
C'’’mon you don'’’t think
that'’’ll really work, do you?
By returning an Odd‐Eyes
to my hand,
my Lancer Dragon
can't be destroyed,
and I don'’’t take
any damage either!
(roars)
Not a bad ability.
But mine'’’s better.
Final Fortress Falcon,
use all your Overlay Units!
Now, by banishing a Raidraptor
Xyz Monster from my graveyard,
my Falcon can attack again!
It'’’s over for real
this time, Yuya!
Falcon, annihilate
Odd‐Eyes Lancer Dragon!
It'’’s not over
'’’til I say it'’’s over!
I still have another
Odd‐Eyes on my field!
I return it to my hand
to block your bombardment!
That doesn'’’t change a thing,
not in the slightest!
I still have one Raidraptor
in my graveyard to banish!
So Final Fortress Falcon
can attack one last time!
And Yuya doesn'’’t have
any monsters to stop it.
(Shay)
Lulu, this attack'’’s for you.
Ready, Yuya?
Nothing will ease my pain...
But this sure will feel good!
(roars)
If I'’’m going down,
I'’’m taking you with me!
Due to Cross Damage, you take
the exact same damage that I do!
Now they'’’re both toast!
I can'’’t believe it.
Since they both took
800 points of damage,
they're both
out of life points.
Chalk this up
as a double defeat
Huh?
Yuya won?
But how?
You got me.
Let's just say
that my Lancer Dragon
had one last trick
up its wing.
And boy, did I need it.
By discarding two Odd‐Eyes
monsters from my hand,
Lancer Dragon cut the damage
I took in half
and sent the other half
back to Shay.
That'’’s why I'’’m standing
and Shay'’’s planking.
(groaning)
What a duel.
Good game!
Shay'’’s smiling?
I don't believe it.
Very funny.
But why can't I be smiling?
Yuya, thanks a lot.
Huh? Uh...
For what, Shay?
For giving me hope.
At the end of the duel,
I looked into your eyes
and saw Yuto.
He'’’s alive.
Alive within you, Yuya.
So if he'’’s still here...
Lulu must be alive too?
Lulu must be alive too.
If you can find
a way to save Zuzu,
you'll be saving
Lulu as well.
Maybe the universe isn'’’t
so cold‐hearted after all.
Well you can count on me!
'’’Cause I'’’m here to make
the whole world smile!
Well, if you can
make Shay smile,
the rest should
be a piece of cake.
Good luck, Yuya.
I know you'’’ll
save us all again.
No pressure or anything.
But I'’’ll do
what I gotta do.
And dueltain!
(man)
You haven'’’t helped one bit!
Jack Atlas!
Your dueltaining
is nothing but a joke!
If that'’’s the best you can do,
all of our worlds are doomed!